How do you hit me?
I want Fei Long, get out of here
Why come here to be humiliated
Haven't you given our Ouyang family enough reasons?
Yunyan, calm down
You can't get out of bed yet
Don't hide from me
Ouyang Feilong, I told you to get out
Don't interfere with my brother's charity reception
Sister-in-law, I told my mother's family that such a big thing happened.
I have to rely on my big brother to support it
Why did you hit him?
Why did you say he ran out?
In recent years, our family has been excluded everywhere
If not for Fang Shiqiang's approach
Can my Ouyang family have today?
He is kind to the Ouyang family
But
He wants to use our Ouyang family's property to donate money?
Ouyang Feilong
Ouyang's family has today
It's all the ones you did years ago
Caused by dirty things
Fang Shiqiang's donation is good.
Donated money to do good deeds
Only my Ouyang family can accumulate virtue
Don't get excited
You can't talk too much.
Sit down and rest